Make SameSite cookie's attribute configurable (#68108)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/security-settings.asciidoc

  this to `true` if SSL is configured outside of {kib} (for example, you are
  routing requests through a load balancer or proxy).

| `xpack.security.sameSiteCookies`
  | Sets the `SameSite` attribute of `Set-Cookie` HTTP header. It allows you to declare whether your cookie should be restricted to a first-party or same-site context.
  Valid values are `Strict`, `Lax`, `None`.
  This is *not set* by default, which modern browsers will treat as `Lax`. If you use Kibana embedded in an iframe in modern browsers, you might need to set it to `None`. Note, that `None` usage requires Secure context `xpack.security.secureCookies: true`.

> 

Reviewer: Thanks, Gail! @restrry can you use gchap's suggested text above for the setting description?

  this to `true` if SSL is configured outside of {kib} (for example, you are
  routing requests through a load balancer or proxy).

| `xpack.security.sameSiteCookies`

>   | Sets the `SameSite` attribute of `Set-Cookie` HTTP header. It allows you to declare whether your cookie should be restricted to a first-party or same-site context. *Not set* by default. Which makes modern browsers treat it as `Lax`. If you use Kibana embedded in an iframe in modern browsers, you might need to set it to `None`. Note, that `None` usage requires Secure context `xpack.security.secureCookies: true`. Some old versions of IE11 do not support `SameSite: None`, so you shouldn't specify `xpack.security.sameSiteCookies` at all.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  | Sets the `SameSite` attribute of `Set-Cookie` HTTP header. It allows you to declare whether your cookie should be restricted to a first-party or same-site context. This is *not set* by default, which modern browsers will treat as `Lax`. If you use Kibana embedded in an iframe in modern browsers, you might need to set it to `None`. Note, that `None` usage requires Secure context `xpack.security.secureCookies: true`. Some old versions of IE11 do not support `SameSite: None`, so you shouldn't specify `xpack.security.sameSiteCookies` at all.
```

Should we remove the IE11 part on master and only add on 7.8 and 6.8 branches?
Do we have a convention for listing the possible options? It would be nice to show what this can be set to.

Reviewer 3: updated
